Leavitt Experiment Notes

Use Wi-Fi: TP-Link_9954

Run the site

1. Open Terminal on the server Jetson.

2. Go to the project folder:

   cd Desktop/leavitt-experiment

3. Start the dashboard server so the Jetsons can connect:

   sudo python3 Site/dashboard_server.py --http-host 0.0.0.0 --http-port 80 --tcp-host 0.0.0.0 --tcp-port 5001

4. Open a browser and go to:

   http://192.168.0.140

Run the complete automated study

1. Wait until all 5 Jetsons show as connected in the dashboard.

2. Click "Run full study" once.

   The dashboard defaults to a 5-minute pause between temperature batches and a
   15-minute pause between topologies. Change these two values in "Full-study
   cooling" before starting if needed.

3. Leave the dashboard server and all client services running. The server will run
   50 trials for each topology at temperature 0, 0.5, and 1: 750 trials total.

4. Results are saved on the server Jetson in:

   ~/Desktop/leavitt-report/<timestamp>-full-study/

   Each topology/temperature folder contains metadata.json, trials.jsonl,
   messages.jsonl, and report.md. The full-study folder also contains an overall
   metadata.json and report.md. Every completed batch report includes its 50-round
   success table, temperature, success rate, average messages, average time, and
   agent-to-agent recipient-choice probabilities.

   During every cooling pause, the server requests thermal-zone readings from all
   five Jetsons at the start, every minute, and at the end. These are saved in
   temperatures.jsonl and summarized in the full-study report.

Important: deploy the updated Main/client.py to every client Jetson before running
the study. Older clients do not understand temperature requests; the study will
continue, but their temperature values will be recorded as unavailable.

Power off after the full study

After the fifteenth batch is saved and the full-study report is marked complete,
the dashboard automatically powers off jetson1 through jetson5 over SSH and then
powers off the server Jetson last. If any client command fails, the server stays on
and records the failure in poweroff-log.jsonl.

Before the long run, click "Check power-off readiness". It does not shut anything
down. It verifies that the dashboard is running on a Jetson and that the server can
reach every client with passwordless SSH and passwordless sudo permission for:

   /usr/bin/systemctl poweroff

If permission is missing, use visudo on each affected Jetson to grant the dashboard
SSH user only the required command. For the current minds_user setup, the sudoers
entry is:

   minds_user ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/systemctl poweroff

The "Power off all Jetsons" button performs a real shutdown test after showing a
confirmation dialog. Use it only when you are ready to manually power the Jetsons
back on.

Set LEAVITT_DATA_DIR before starting the dashboard server only if a different
report location is needed. When the server is started with sudo, the default path
still uses the original desktop user's home directory rather than /root.
